for the dough mix first slice the leek
lengthwise and chopped and sowed in a
pan with olive oil and butter till
tender season next combine flour for the
pinch of seasoning and olive oil and mix
in your cooked leeks bring the dough
together in a bowl with a drop of warm
water cover and rest for 20 minutes
allow the dough mixture to relax means
the resulting bread will be nice and
soft then dust the dough with flour mold
into a sausage shape slice it into
rounds
and flatten with a rolling pin
[Music]
then simply frying in a hot dry pan
when golden and crisp on each side
remove for a simple supper
serve with a cottage cheese lemon zest
and fresh thyme so simple so fast and so
versatile flatbreads
to die for